chore: update docs to match release (#96)
agntcy/docs: docs/pages/hub.md

### Using the Hub through CLI

You can use the Hub through the CLI. Binary packages and installation of

> the `dirctl` command are

Reviewer: the `dirctl` command line tool are available in multiple forms on GitHub:

> the `dirctl` command are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `dirctl` command line tool are available in multiple forms on GitHub:
```

> [available on GitHub](https://github.com/agntcy/dir/pkgs/container/dir-ctl).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[container image](https://github.com/agntcy/dir/pkgs/container/dir-ctl).
```

Reviewer: additional lines....
```suggestion
* [Homebrew](https://github.com/agntcy/dir/tree/main/HomebrewFormula).
```

Details on other uses of the `dirctl` command to interact with the
Agent Directory are
[available in the documentation](https://github.com/agntcy/dir/pkgs/container/dir-ctl).

After installation, use the `dirctl hub` command to list the available commands.

> #### Create an Agent Data Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a Conforming Agent Record
```

Reviewer 2: The more accurate term is Agent Directory Record. To be shorten as AD Record or DIR record. Something of the sort.

> An agent data model should be contained in a JSON file. The data therein is described

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An agent record is a JSON file. The data to be included in the record is described
```

Reviewer 2: I would suggest An Agent Directory record is stored in JSON format.

by the [Open Agentic Schema Framework](https://schema.oasf.agntcy.org/objects/agent)
starting at the root with an `Agent` model.

> #### Signing Agent Data Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Signing Agent Records
```

Reviewer 2: The expression Agent Data Model is a bit inaccurate. 
- An Agent Directory Record is a data model.
- The term Agent is used as a figure of speech everywhere in the doc as a synecdoche. Worse probably as the actual meaning remains obscure. Being verbose seems necessary for that reasons.

> You must sign the agent data models before pushing to Hub. Unsigned models are

Reviewer 2: It can also be possible to introduce Agent Directory record at the beginning as a pleonastic definition of record. I would keep using the term record alone throughout the document.

rejected by the API. 

> To sign an agent data model, for example in the file `agent.json` using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign an agent record, for example in the file `agent.json` using
```

identity-based OIDC signing, run:

```shell
dirctl sign ./agent.json

> ```

Reviewer: This launches the signing app, and then prints out the signature to the terminal window. The user then needs to append their file with this signature.

Use the `dirctl hub orgs` command to list the organizations you are a member of.

> #### Pushing and Pulling Agent Data Models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Pushing and Pulling Agent Records
```
